Update release notes (#11051)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/get-started/about-this-release.md

    - **Flexible token generation**: Access tokens can be generated using any valid client secret.
    - **Configurable limits**: Control the number of allowed client secrets or disable the feature via configuration.
    
    **[Learn more]({{base_path}}/api-developer-portal/manage-application/generate-keys/generate-api-keys)**

??? note "AsyncAPI 3.0.x Specification Support"

    WSO2 API Manager introduces support for the AsyncAPI 3.0.x specification, enabling improved modeling and management of event-driven APIs while maintaining backward compatibility with existing definitions.

    - **AsyncAPI 3.0.x support**: Create and manage event-driven APIs using the latest AsyncAPI 3.0.x specification.
    - **Backward compatibility**: Import and work with existing AsyncAPI 2.x definitions without disruption.
    - **Standardized API creation**: All newly created Async APIs are based on the AsyncAPI 3.x specification.

    **[Learn more]({{base_path}}/api-design-manage/design/create-api/create-streaming-api/create-a-streaming-api-from-an-asyncapi-definition)**

??? note "MCP Governance"

>     WSO2 APIM introduces Governance for MCP Servers. Write Spectral rulesets for MCP artifacts in addition to REST APIs and Async APIs.

Reviewer: Since this is a WSO2 implemented rule engine, lets remove spectral. 
```suggestion
API Management Governance is now extended to support MCP servers, enabling enforcement of governance rulesetc across MCP artifacts in addition to REST and Async APIs.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/11051/commits/b79e12ea7ad8a0718149dab3ae442f557b3849d3
